I think this part of our mountain
improvement is a long time coming
because people realize what is here the
pure adventure of the place that people
crave what's cool about this area is it
has sold its got the essence of some of
alpental in a more laid-back manner I
think that's truly what what niche this
really feels well not only getting a
chair to the top of the mount on the
front side we're actually loading people
at the bottom that was a big part of the
improvement we're looking forward to and
also reintroducing skiing on the
backside here in Hidden Valley and that
um that's going to be exciting hidden
valley vertical is approximately 700
feet a lot of different trying a lot of
different runs powder runs tree runs
stashes wide open skiing it's kind of
got everything it's a step above recycle
chariots reused so we literally have
taken reused parts from three main
chairlifts and made to your the lifts
that we're using that we're reusing our
accommodation of the silver fir triple
chair with a new motor drive so it'll
run a little bit quicker than people
used to experience at silver the back
side left is a combination of the old
easy gold beginner lift from here at
some of these the other parts of the
catalyst share and then we did get some
bits and pieces from other chairs that
we had around there'd be one thing to
buy new parts and put together new parts
that we're taking older parts
fabricating them bringing them up to up
to code then adapting them to a new
design I mean in today's economy and
whatnot you know it's really hard for us
to pencil out the new high speed quad it
also probably wasn't the right
personality for what we want
it is an interesting story in itself
they were able to reuse all those things
and in this day and age it feels right
to do it that way particularly this ski
area